	It all started when Jerry had to take care of his 12-year-old sister, Angela, since their parents 
went out of town for the weekend. It was a bright, sunny day, while Jerry and Angela were watching 
Spongebob. Out the blue, a pigeon entered into the house from the open window. 
  
Angela was starttled by the bird, yelling for Jerry's help. Jerry was reluctant to help Angela, because he
was forced to watch her for the weekend. He laughed at her panick, deep down it felt like revenge for making
 him miss a movie date with friends. Once he got his fill, he got up to help when suddenly the bird spoke.

"Hello! I am a messenger bird sent from Hogwarts school of magic! I am here to deliver your invitation to attend
our school this coming semester." Jerry couldn't believe his eyes. Could Hogwarts be a real place? Was Harry Potter 
a real person? Before he could ask any questions, the bird dropped the invitation into Angela's hands and flew back
out the window. Confused but intrigued, there was only one thing for Angela and Jerry to do... follow the instructions on
the invitation.

	Jerry and Angela went to "Diagon Ally" as directed by the letter. There they met witches, wizards, goblins, half 
giants, and many more magical creature. Angela got a wand that could perform actual magic. She got a magical broom. She got
a magicaly owl. She got stacks of books, and new clothes, and ice cream and all kinds of stuff that Jerry did not get to 
have at all. Jerry started a kickstarter to put down Angela. The benefits of the kickstarter were that Jerry would get all of 
Angela's stuff. You should donate. In the mean time Angela packed up all her new magically things, and was escorted to 
platform nine and three quarters. 

	Angela was very angry that she was going to leave Hogwarts because of her brother. So at the station, she starts to
yell, exposing all of her brother's actions. While she was yelling, people started to take out their iPhones and take a
video of her hysterically yelling out her brother's intentions. Someone posted the video on Twitter and Angela ended up 
becoming a meme.
